[Music]
free me by 20 minutes ago
all right all right and I'm free me by
20 minutes ago got a free quit plan for
you got this she didn't blow it man my
god say bad I knew this shit for a lot
of folk right I got something I got some
folk behind he walls I drag a lot of
people back a lot of behind the wall
and why do this in memory of everybody I
see what we hid my fucking filter state
prison back my fucking shitting this
motherfucker
I got folks who got them we really live
across this motherfucker man
I gotta do this shit for them maybe they
can't do this shit I do this shit but
they can't do it
they live in to me right now
you gonna shit I'd sumo
[Applause]
Oh
right
[Applause]
that keeps around
he doing
go back
Oh burn